c:\users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.exe.config
c:\users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.exe
c:\users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.pdb
c:\users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.exe
c:\users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.pdb
c:\users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmPrincipal.resources
C:\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmTeacher.resources
C:\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.SplashScreen.resources
C:\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.exe.config
C:\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.exe
C:\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.pdb
C:\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Business.dll
C:\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Entity.dll
C:\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.DAO.dll
C:\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Business.pdb
C:\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Entity.pdb
C:\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.DAO.pdb
C:\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.exe
C:\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.pdb
C:\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmSearchTeacher.resources
C:\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmClass.resources
C:\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmLessons.resources
C:\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmPrints.resources
C:\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmStudent.resources
c:\users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Business.dll
c:\users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Entity.dll
c:\users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.DAO.dll
c:\users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Business.pdb
c:\users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Entity.pdb
c:\users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.DAO.pdb
c:\users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmClass.resources
c:\users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmLessons.resources
c:\users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmPrincipal.resources
c:\users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmPrints.resources
c:\users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmSearchTeacher.resources
c:\users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmStudent.resources
c:\users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmTeacher.resources
c:\users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.SplashScreen.resources
c:\users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\DbFandangueiros.accdb
c:\users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmLogin.resources
C:\Users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmNewClass.resources
C:\Users\riguel.figueiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmListLessons.resources
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.exe.config
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.exe
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.pdb
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\DbFandangueiros.accdb
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.exe
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.pdb
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Business.dll
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.DAO.dll
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Entity.dll
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Business.pdb
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.DAO.pdb
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Entity.pdb
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmClass.resources
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmLessons.resources
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmListLessons.resources
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmLogin.resources
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmNewClass.resources
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmPrincipal.resources
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmPrints.resources
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmSearchTeacher.resources
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmStudent.resources
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmTeacher.resources
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.SplashScreen.resources
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmNewLesson.resources
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmNewStudent.resources
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.Forms.FrmListClass.resources
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.exe.manifest
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\bin\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.application
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.exe.manifest
C:\DKO_IT\Projects\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros\obj\Debug\Dkosoftware.Fandangueiros.application
